This is one of the three major artifacts of Yunyin Sect
How could he possibly stop him?
Saying that the fairy sword doesn't listen to my control
He is the one I can practice my mouth and will listen to you
See who I am
Is impossible
Blades and Souls usually ignore the sect master
How could it be under his control?
Fengxianjian
Cut off contact with me what
When I left the Immortal Destruction Realm
Grant Yunyin Purpose
It is to protect the prince of the world, only loyalty and righteousness
In the name of horticulture
To control this sword
Do you think you deserve it?
So what did you do?
Don't play tricks here
Our Mu family is in control of this unicorn today.